doc: updates on external debug prob in Thingy:91 guide (#8884)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_thingy91_gsg.rst

========

* nano-Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) card that supports LTE-M or Narrowband Internet of Things (NB-IoT) (The Thingy:91 comes shipped with an iBasis SIM card.)
* Computer
* For firmware updates through USB:

  * Micro-USB 2.0 cable

* For firmware updates through an external debug probe:

  * 10-pin JTAG cable
  * External debug probe supporting Arm Cortex-M33 (for example, nRF9160 DK)

.. note::

>    The debug probe is recommended when you start developing with your Thingy:91.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   It is recommended to use an external debug probe when you start developing with your Thingy:91.
```
